Mr. Fan, there are still guests waiting for you when you return.
Oh, you go first, I'll be there in a while. Okay.
I'm going to give you one last chance.
Give Chu Chu one last chance
No.
Give myself one last chance
I want to find out what kind of person he is.
Ok ok
Okay, you can go back first. Okay.
Come and wish you a hundred years of harmony, thank you, thank you
Miss Chu Chu, I have something to talk to you about
Excuse me for a moment
Miss Chu Chu lives in the manor these days
I'm really inviting you to work overtime.
This is what I should do.
Omori has been working hard recently
If I didn't understand the affairs of his company
I think I should be able to help him too
I knew you would follow